# Meeting 10/23/2025  
**Time:** 6:15pm - 7pm  
**Scriber:** Melvyn  
**Attendance:** Melvyn, Akshay, Lei, Patryk, Tej, Jared, Siri, Austin, Alex, Tongke  

---

## Agenda

### Discuss Project 1
- Instead of splitting into front-end, back-end, and dev-ops, have a team stick to a feature and float between various tasks  
- Design and get a rough specification done in the first week, then start coding by the end of Week 5 or start of Week 6  
- Have the GitHub repo in place with:
  - Branch protection  
  - Code reviews before merging into main (at least 2 reviews by different people from different teams)  
- Merge into main as soon as features are done  
- Use GitHub Issues to keep track of tickets  

---

## Notes from Professor
- The project is still open to interpretation even though there are requirements and restrictions. He encouraged us to talk to him often and get feedback as we go.  
- We should work quickly and iteratively. For example, once we finish the login page, we should already show it to him for feedback.  
- There are still many design and system decisions to make, such as accessibility, data protection for students, and ensuring all stakeholders (professor, TAs, tutors, students) enjoy using it.  
- The system needs to be **lightweight and portable**. No Terraform or AWS setup. The professor wants something he can deploy in just a few minutes.  
- Since most teams are doing similar projects, teaming up with another group could help build something more complete and interesting.  

---

## Next Steps
- Vote on whether to work with another team  
- Read through the Project 1 documents  
- Decide on which feature you want to work on  
- Start putting notes in the Project 1 Specification document  
- Melvyn/Isheta will create the repository with branch protection and issue tracking in place  
