# Meeting (11/17/2025)  
**Time:** 3:00pm - 3:30pm  
**Scriber:** Lei Hu  
**Attendance:** Isheta, Melvyn, Austin, Tej, Akshay, Jared, Alex, Tongke, Patryk, Lei Hu, Junjie, Siri  

---

## Agenda
- CI/CD pipeline due tomorrow  
- Technical knowledge sharing due Wednesday  
- CommonJS vs ESM  
- Progress updates from each subteam  
- Update and move GitHub issues  
- Schedule subteam meetings at the end  
- Dinner Thursday after lecture  

---

## Notes
- **Patryk:** Polishing Docker Compose setup (two containers).  
- **Isheta:** Testing Docker â€” ready for CI/CD documentation submission.  
- **Melvyn:** Team to continue with CommonJS. Fixed HTML linter bug ([PR #60](https://github.com/CSE210-fa25-team06/conductor-app/pull/60)).  
- **Tej:** Agreed to develop full frontend for attendance.  
- **Lei:** Waiting for PR approval to move to next step.  
- **Dinner planned for next Thursday after lecture.**  
