# Meeting (11/20/2025)  
**Time:** 6:30pm - 6:45pm  
**Scriber:** Melvyn  
**Attendance:** Isheta, Melvyn, Austin, Tej, Akshay, Jared, Patryk, Lei Hu, Siri, Alex  

---

## Agenda
1. Progress from each team  
2. Extend sprint to Monday to allow time for merges to main  

---

## Feature 1 – User Authentication
1. **Austin:** Completed major authentication feature — will demo tomorrow.  
2. **Siri:** Will work on login information once Austin’s PR merges.  
3. **Isheta:** Working on dashboards (frontend + backend).  

## Feature 2 – Class Directory
1. **Alex:** Started role filter; completion expected soon.  

## Feature 3 – Attendance
1. **Tej:** Completed QR code attendance.  
2. **Jared:** Completed technical knowledge transfer; will start a task next.  

## Feature 4 – Journal
1. **Melvyn:** Finished edit/delete for journal; testing and documentation pending.  
2. **Tongke:** Started frontend for emotion sentiment tracker.  
3. **Lei:** Will work on backend for sentiment tracker after Tongke’s progress.  

## Misc Tasks
1. **Patryk:** Raised PR for Docker deployment — awaiting review.  
2. **Akshay:** Writing CI/CD tests; waiting for Austin’s PR to prevent conflicts.  
