# Meeting 11/4/2025  
**Time:** 6:15pm - 6:30pm  
**Scriber:** Melvyn  
**Attendance:** Melvyn, Austin, Tej, Akshay, Jared, Alex, Lei Hu, Siri  

---

## Agenda

### Meeting with Tanmay
- Discussed current project progress  

1. **Pitch Slideshow:**  
   - Color of the boxes needs improvement; use a different color next time  

2. **ADR:**  
   - Should be completed as soon as possible  
   - Request **Tanmay** as a reviewer  
   - All design choices must be documented (e.g., pros and cons of different JavaScript linters)  

3. **Team Progress:**  
   - Teams have split into feature groups  
   - Issues are being created and coding has started  
   - First sprint ends **next Friday** â€” basics of each feature should be functional by then  

4. **Team Structure:**  
   - Consider splitting into **frontend, backend, and testing** teams later  
   - For now, continue working as feature teams  

5. **Midterm:**  
   - Details to be released soon, likely a **group assignment**  

6. **Midpoint Presentation:**  
   - Expectations and details will be shared soon  

---

## To Do
1. Complete the **ADR**  
2. Everyone create an **Issue** and start coding  
3. Meet after lecture on Thursday and on Friday at 3pm for progress updates  
4. Continue filling out the **stand-up form** daily  
