# Meeting 11/6/2025  
**Time:** 6:15pm - 6:30pm  
**Scriber:** Melvyn  
**Attendance:** Melvyn, Austin, Tej, Akshay, Jared, Siri, Isheta, Patryk  

---

## Agenda

### Progress Updates
1. **Postgres database** is set up — each team can now work from a shared baseline  
2. **CI/CD pipeline** includes HTML linter, accessibility linter, CSS linter, and JavaScript linter — all merged into main  
3. **Feature 1 team:** working on authentication setup and the home page  
4. **Feature 2 team:** backend setup complete, waiting on frontend to begin  
5. **Feature 3 team:** starting backend implementation — currently only Akshay is working; Adam and Alex have not been responsive  
6. **Feature 4 team:** unit tests in place, waiting for frontend and backend integration  
7. **Goal:** have all basic or skeleton features completed by **next Tuesday** in preparation for the **Thursday presentation**  

---

## To Do
1. Submit **ADR** for approval from Tanmay  
2. Meet **Friday 3pm** for updates  
3. Continue filling out the **stand-up form** daily  
4. Schedule a time for **frontend leads** from each feature to meet and finalize the design layout  
