# Meeting 11/7/2025  
**Time:** 3pm - 3:30pm  
**Scriber:** Patryk  
**Attendance:** Melvyn, Austin, Tej, Akshay, Jared, Alex, Tongke, Patryk, Lei Hu, Junjie, Siri, Adam  

---

## Agenda

### Discuss Progress from Each Feature Team

#### Feature 1 – User Authentication
- **Austin:** Work in progress — routes for login + testing, routes for logout (expected by Saturday)  
- **Patryk:** Working on CSS linter, started testing  
- **Siri:** Logging dashboard — has a working prototype to share with team for feedback  
- **Isheta:** Working on frontend, finished ADR  

---

#### Feature 2 – Class Directory
- **Adam:** Not present  
- **Akshay:** Making API to search directory, researching Postgres (handling typos); suggestion: focus on basic version first  
- **Alex:** Researching HTMX  
- **Melvyn:** Will handle basic frontend  

---

#### Feature 3 – Attendance
- **Tej:** Clarifying expectations on attendance with the feature 3 team  
- **Junjie:** Not present, but implemented attendance page  
- **Jared:** Implemented JS, HTML, and accessibility linters; discussed feature spec with professor  

---

#### Feature 4 – Journal
#### Feature 4 – Journal
- **Lei Hu:** Not present, but added Journal API pull request  
- **Tongke:** Working on frontend page for Journal to connect with backend  
- **Melvyn:** Coordinating with teammates to continue work on the feature  

---

## To Do
1. Frontend members from each team connect and create the **baseline page** together  
2. Split **ADR** into separate parts — frontend, backend, testing, and CI/CD  
3. Standardize the **frontend code** across all features  
