# Meeting 11/10/2025  
**Time:** 3pm - 3:25pm  
**Scriber:** Isheta  
**Attendance:** Melvyn, Austin, Tej, Akshay, Jared, Alex, Tongke, Patryk, Junjie, Siri  

---

## Agenda

### Progress from Each Team

#### Feature 1 – User Authentication
- Login feature almost done — includes **Google OAuth** integration  
- Multiple login methods supported for future scalability  
- **SSO** can be added easily due to modular design  
- **Encryption** and **tokens** still pending  
- **Permissions hierarchy** in progress  
- **Patryk** will start working today or tomorrow  
- **Siri** is integrating the frontend with backend endpoints  

---

#### Feature 2 – Class Directory
- Basic **HTML** structure complete for frontend  
- **Akshay** is connecting Postgres search implementation to an API  
- **Alex** will handle **CSS** styling (Melvyn will create a ticket and share the design before implementation)  

---

#### Feature 3 – Attendance
- **Tej** implemented the backend — PR is in progress  
- Discussion with the professor regarding **individual student attendance system**  

---

#### Feature 4 – Journal
- **Tongke** is working on connecting the frontend with the backend  
- No updates yet on the backend  

---

## To Do

### Feature 1
- Connect frontend and backend  

### Feature 2
- Connect frontend and backend  
- **Alex** to start working on CSS once **Siri’s PR** is approved  

### Feature 3
- Connect frontend and backend  
- **Junjie** to update CSS once **Siri’s PR** is approved  

### Feature 4
- Connect frontend and backend  
- **Tongke** to update CSS once **Siri’s PR** is approved  
