# Frontend Meeting 11/10/2025  
**Time:** 12pm - 12:10pm  
**Scriber:** Melvyn  
**Attendance:** Melvyn, Isheta, Tongke, Junjie, Siri  

---

## Agenda
- **Issue:** Everyone has their own version of the layout  
- Decision: Design a **main layout** to ensure consistency across all frontend pages  
- Use **Siri’s CSS design** as the base and make adjustments in individual pull requests  

---

## To Do
1. Discuss the **landing page design** with the Professor  
2. Everyone update their **branches** based on Siri’s design  
