# Meeting 11/13/2025  
**Time:** 6:35pm - 6:45pm  
**Scriber:** Melvyn  
**Attendance:** Melvyn, Austin, Tej, Akshay, Jared, Alex, Patryk, Siri  

---

## Agenda

### Finalizing the Sprint
- Still need to **merge User Authentication branch** into main  
- Still need to **merge Journal branch** into main  
- Still need to **connect frontend and backend** of the Attendance System  
- Still need to **merge Search Bar connection** into main  
- Will use **Jest** to perform unit testing  

---

## Questions Asked
- How will we **test the Postgres database** on GitHub and include it in the CI/CD pipeline?  

---

## Next Meeting
- **Tomorrow at 3pm:** Retrospective meeting + Sprint 2 planning  
